DM-37551: Add documentation for `butler migrate` (#15)
lsst-dm/daf_butler_migrate: doc/lsst.daf.butler_migrate/migrations/opaque.rst

#############################
Migrations for opaque manager
#############################

> ``opaque`` tree has migrations defined for all manager versions existed in our code, but none of these migrations was actually implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``opaque`` tree has migrations defined for all manager versions that have existed in our code, but none of these migrations were actually implemented.
```
